Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-assignment-2-database-systems-and-database-models
<br>
<p class="ui header product-top-header" title="Assignment 2: Database Systems and Database Models Solution">The Strayer Oracle Server may be used to test and compile the SQL Queries developed for this assignment. Your instructor will provide you with login credentials to a Strayer University maintained Oracle server.Assignment 2: Database Systems and Database ModelsImagine that you have been hired as a consultant to assist in streamlining the data processing of an international based organization that sells high-end electronics. The organization has various departments such as payroll, human resources, finance, marketing, sales, and operations. The sales department is the only department where employees are paid a commission in addition to their yearly salary and benefits. All other departments compensate their employees with a yearly salary and benefits only. Commission is paid by multiplying the employee’s commission rate by the total amount of product units sold. You have access to the following data sets:

Employee (EmpNumber, EmpFirstName, EmpLastName, CommissionRate, YrlySalary, DepartmentID, JobID)Invoice (InvNumber, InvDate, EmpNumber,  InvAmount)InvoiceLine (InvLineNumber, InvNumber,  ProductNumber, Quantity)Product (ProductNumber, ProductDescription, ProductCost)Department (DepartmentID, DepartmentDescription)Job (JobID, JobDescription)Write a two to three (2-3) page paper in which you:

Design a query that will allow the finance department to determine the commissions paid to specific employees of the sales department for the month of December. Note: You will need to generate the tables described above (Employee, Invoice, InvoiceLine, Product, Department, and Job) in order to compare and validate your code. Validated query code must be part of your paper.Compare the code of the query you designed in Question one (1) to one that would show how much total compensation is paid to each employee for the same month.Determine and explain the factors necessary to ensure referential integrity.Create an object-oriented model to show how the tables are interrelated through the use of graphical tools. Make sure that you are able to show the relationship types such as 1:M, 1:1, or M:1. Additionally, remember to include the determined factors from the previous assignment requirement. Note: The graphically depicted solution is not included in the required page length.Identify which data components are the entities and attributes, and the relationship between each using an object representation diagram through the use of graphical tools. Note: The graphically depicted solution is not included in the required page length.Describe how Big Data could be used to assist in the productivity and forecasting of the organization’s products and resources.

5/5 - (1 vote)